The main problem to solve was for advisors in the Computer Science department at ABCU to see a list of all courses from a dataset, or print the details of a certain course given the inputted course number. I approached the problem by developing pseudocode for the vector, hash table, and binary search tree data structures. Doing a run time analysis on each, I came to understand the complexities of how each data structure worked. Understanding the requirement of printing all courses in alphabetical order, I came to the conclusion that the binary search tree was the best data structure to implement due to its sorting nature within the in order traversal method. Data structures are important to understand because programs have different requirements. Each program has data to hold, and the best way to store and operate on that data needs to be implemented as a data structure. They are the core component of a program and how it functions.
This project has expanded my approach to designing software and developing programs by opening my mind to different ways a program is structured. I now know the significance of using data structures as components of a program. I learned that data structures are not a one-size-fits-all solution, and this goes for any part of programming. It's important to know the specific requirements of a program to intuitively and intelligently design it. This project has really emphasized the importance of clear requirements, as they guided me during the design and development process. The project implemented different classes and structs to initialize reusable objects throughout the program, such as the course and node structs. This kind of structure can be easily extrapolated to future programming, where code reusability throughout the program remains significant. 
